CLOUD-BASED WEB APPLICATION SYSTEM FOR CAPSTONE
PROJECT MONITORING, MANAGING, AND EVALUATING
WITH PLAGIARISM CHECKER

A Capstone Project
Presented to the Faculty of
SORSOGON STATE UNIVERSITY
Bulan Campus
Bulan, Sorsogon

In Partial Fulfillment of the
Requirements for the Degree
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology

BY
JOHN MATHEW D. DIÑO
RAMIL G. BUEN
KASANDRA G. ALVAREZ
ROLLY L. GILOS JR.

MAY 2021

ii
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

Capstone Project is a partial requirements undertaken by student taking
Computer Studies degree programs like BSIT and BSIS. Students and faculty
members faces problems in submitting, managing deliverables, and monitoring
progresses when using manual or semi-computerized method. With the rise of
technologies, students are expected to be knowledgeable and be able to experience
the benefits of new technologies. Sorsogon State University – Bulan Campus,
specifically the ICT Department, experiences this problems and does not have
an online centralized system for the various activities involved in completing
capstone projects. With that in mind, this project entitled “Cloud-Based Web
Application for Capstone Project Monitoring, Managing, and Evaluating System
with Plagiarism Checker” aims to assist and streamline the current Capstone
Process between Department Dean, Capstone Professor, Students, and their
adviser and panelists. The system aims to (1) carry out and deliver the following
features and modules related to monitoring, managing, and evaluating capstone
projects electronically: (1.1) project progress monitoring, (1.2) topic/title proposal,
(1.3) adviser and panelists selection, (1.4) task and activities management, (1.5)
deliverable’s submission, monitoring, and management, (1.6) defense scheduler
and manuscript evaluation, (1.7) user’s management, (1.8) grades management,
(1.9) student management, (1.10) capstone project guide and formatting, and

iii
(1.11) discussion forum; (2) integrate an existing plagiarism checker that will
check the manuscript for plagiarism, locate it, and report via the percentage
of the amount of plagiarized content; and (3) Test and evaluate the proposed
project, based on ISO/IEC 25010 Software Product Quality, in terms of: (3.1)
functional stability, (3.2) performance efficiency, (3.3) compatibility, (3.4) usability,
(3.5) reliability, (3.6) security, (3.7) maintainability; and (3.8) portability of
the system. In the span of two semesters, the proponents will develop the
system using Iterative approach for the development life cycle where the flow
of development focuses on an initial, simplified implementation, which then
progressively gains more complexity and a broader feature set until the final
system is complete; Object-Oriented for the analysis and design applying objectoriented programming; and Bottom-up as the development approach. The system
will be verified, validated, and tested using client and users survey and interview,
functional and non-functional validation, and positive and negative testing.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

iv

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

ii

LIST OF FIGURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

v

CHAPTER
I

Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

1.1 Project Context . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

1.2 Purpose and Descriptions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4

1.3 Objectives of the Study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.4 Scope and Limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6
9

II Review of Related Systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
BIBLIOGRAPHY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Appendices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A

22

Wireframe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

LIST OF FIGURES

v

A.1 Login Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
A.2 Register Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
A.3 Dean Dashboard Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
A.4 Capstone Professor Dashboard Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . 25
A.5 Faculty Home Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
A.6 Student Home Wireframe Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26

CHAPTER I
Introduction

This chapter will discuss the context of the project, its purpose and description,
objectives, and its scope and limitations, aiming to explain the concept and the
importance of the current project.

1.1

Project Context

Computer Studies degree programs (BSIT, BSIS, and BSCS) usually include a
capstone project as a partial requirement, involving two (2) to four (4) members,
and are undertaken in the final year of study in which students conduct a software
development project [2, 8, 10, 12, 18]. Students will apply and demonstrate the
concepts and the comprehensive knowledge they’ve learned throughout their
study with this project. It allows students to improve their current skills and
acquire new ones and gain real-world experience from this "realistic experiential
learning" [3, 6, 8, 10, 12, 17].
In undertaking and managing Capstone Projects, students and faculty
members may encounter problems, such as project completion delays, inferior
quality products, unstructured development processes, and overall dissatisfaction
in students and advisory [10, 11, 15]. In many instances, students face a hard

2
time deciding on the topic they want to work on and even where to start [14].
Capstone advisers, on the other hand, also face a problem with monitoring
and managing capstone projects. They sometimes receive a lack of information
about the students’ progress and may also experience difficulties in handling
the documentation or deliverables because of the variety of tools used [10].
With the advancement of technology, students are expected to be knowledgeable
about new technologies. With capstone projects implemented in a manual or
semi-computerized manner, even when having various technologies that can
ease tasks, students cannot showcase their knowledge and learn the benefits
the present technologies can provide [13, 19]. Finally, although they can use
various technologies, the lack of a centralized system can make it difficult to
collaborate, review, monitor, manage, and even evaluate the project development
and deliverables [9].
Sorsogon State University – Bulan Campus is one of the Tertiary Schools in
Sorsogon that does not have or uses Capstone, Thesis, or other project management
systems in a single venue. They use a semi-computerized manner of creating
Capstone Projects and integrate different technology in managing them. Some
of the technologies they use are Google Drive, Google Spreadsheets, Email, and
Facebook Messenger for communication but uses no centralized system to monitor
the progress of the students nor an easier way of proposing a title, selecting their

3
preferred adviser or panelists, or evaluate a paper in an online environment.
In an attempt to alleviate the problems stated above and to improve
capstone projects, this project called Cloud-Based Web Application System for
Capstone Project Monitoring, Managing, and Evaluating with Plagiarism Checker
is an online system that aims to assist and streamline the current Capstone
Process between the students, Capstone Professor, Capstone Adviser, and their
panelists in a single venue. This project focuses on the title/topic proposal,
selecting a capstone adviser and panelist, managing the project deliverables,
monitoring the group progress, checking for plagiarism, and evaluating the
submitted manuscript.
The system will provide a separate interface for its three different users –
the students, the faculty, and the dean. All of the users can access the system by
providing necessary information in the login module. After logging in, the dean,
as the super admin of the system, can have full access to the system, granting
him/her the ability to manage the users where he/she can register new faculty,
grant or remove privileges, assign a faculty that will be the Capstone Professor,
and limit the number of students the faculty will be able to handle as supervisor.
Furthermore, the faculty is subdivided into the capstone professor, who will also
act as the admin granted by the super admin, and the other faculty, who can
be the adviser and/or the panelist. The capstone professor can have additional

4
permission to manage capstone projects such as manage students’ groups, set and
edit manuscript format, view and print the students’ grades and other reports,
schedule the date and time of the defense, or evaluate the students’ manuscript.
Additionally, the capstone professor, together with the other faculty, can manage
and assess the deliverables sent by the students, accept or decline the proposed
title/topic, and request as adviser or panelist. On the other hand, the students
can manage their group, select topic/title, adviser, and panelist, and submit their
deliverables.
In addition, the system has an integrated plagiarism checker existing
online that will help the students check and locate plagiarism in their manuscript
to avoid and edit it if they unintentionally plagiarize other works. The plagiarism
checker, accessible to all the users, will provide reports on the percentage, location,
and content plagiarized.

1.2

Purpose and Descriptions

This project intends to create a cloud-based web application system for a capstone
project that allows users to monitor, manage, and evaluate the capstone project
specifically, its deliverables. This system functions all processes of developing
capstone projects using a cloud-based application to have a convenient and
reliable connection between students and faculties online.

5
This system also has a plagiarism checker feature using external integrated
software which scans the manuscript and compares its components to other works
using a search engine. This function ensures the reliability and originality of the
project.
The beneficiaries of this project are the following:
Students. They can quickly generate and organize their capstone project
using this system. They’ll be able to select the topic or title they want to work in,
their preferred adviser and panelist, submit deliverables, monitor their progress,
and view their grades.
Capstone Professors. This system can act as a single venue for monitoring,
management, and evaluation of capstone projects which can benefit Capstone
Professor by having one system that can assist him/her from the start of the
project (grouping the students) up to the end (manuscript evaluation).
Faculty. The faculty, regardless of their role (adviser/panelist), can benefit
from this system by being able to monitor and manage their advisory group/s
easily and/or comment and evaluate their manuscript.
Department Dean. The system can help the dean of the department
easily manage the faculty eligible to advise and/or become an evaluator of
capstone projects. This system also enables the dean to select the faculty who
will become the Capstone Professor, granting him/her additional privileges and

6
control in the Capstone Project Management.
Future system developers. This project can help prospective developers
who will conduct studies related to this system. They can make the present
system their reference in improving monitoring, managing, and evaluating
capstone projects.

1.3

Objectives of the Study

This proposed capstone project aims to design and develop a cloud-based web
application for monitoring, managing, and evaluating capstone projects with an
external integrated plagiarism checker. Specifically, it seeks to:

1. Carry out and deliver the following features and modules related to monitoring,
managing, and evaluating capstone projects electronically:

1.1. Project Progress monitoring - it allows students and faculty to know the
progress made by the students with regards to their capstone project
1.2. Topic or title proposal - allows the students to submit titles or topics
that they want to work with and for the faculty to be able to view,
comment, and/or accept the title/topic.
1.3. Adviser and Panelist selection - enables the students to select their
preferred capstone adviser and panelists to be accepted or declined by

7
the said chosen faculty.
1.4. Task and Activities management - Allows the faculty to create tasks
with submission forms, set its deadline, and other announcements to
be posted in the student’s dashboard.
1.5. Deliverable’s submission, monitoring, and management - allows the
students to submit their deliverables and for teachers to view, manage,
and comment on the submitted deliverables.
1.6. Defense Scheduler and Manuscript evaluation - allows the Capstone
Professor to schudule the evaluation date and time of the students
and allows the selected panelist to evaluate and eventually, grade the
submitted manuscript.
1.7. User’s management - enables user profiles to manage and access
the right information depending on their profile (student, capstone
professor, adviser, and panelist). Additionally, the super administrator
will be able to register new faculty, grant or remove privilege, and limit
the number of students the faculty will handle
1.8. Grades management - allows the instructors to view, post, and print
the student’s grade
1.9. Student management - allows the administrator to generate lists of

8
students, their group, their capstone project title, their chosen adviser,
and panelist.
1.10. Capstone Project Guide and Formatting - allows the faculty to post
information and standard of creating the Capstone Project. It includes
the paper formatting (font style and font size to be used) and the
chapters and subsections’ arrangement.
1.11. Discussion Forum - allows students to hold discussions or raise queries
by posting a topic together with their questions to be seen and answered
by the faculty or by their peers.

2. Integrate an existing plagiarism checker that will check the manuscript
for plagiarism, locate it, and report via the percentage of the amount of
plagiarized content.
3. Test and evaluate the proposed project, based on ISO/IEC 25010 Software
Product Quality, in terms of:

3.1. Functional Stability;
3.2. Performance Efficiency;
3.3. Compatibility;
3.4. Usability;

9
3.5. Reliability
3.6. Security;
3.7. Maintainability; and
3.8. Portability of the system

1.4

Scope and Limitations

This study entitled "Cloud-based Web Application for Monitoring, Managing,
and Evaluating Capstone Projects with Plagiarism Checker" focuses on assisting
students and faculty members on their capstone projects which concentrate on the
following capstone project process: the title/topic proposal, selecting a capstone
adviser and panelist, managing the project deliverables, monitoring the group
progress, checking for plagiarism and evaluating the submitted manuscript.
This system is intended to be used and tested by the Faculty and Students
of Sorsogon State University – Bulan Campus Information and Communication
Technology Department for managing, monitoring, evaluating, checking plagiarism
of Capstone Projects.
The primary users of this system are limited to students, faculty members,
a capstone professor or instructor that will act as administrator, and the department
dean as the super administrator. The proposed project can handle tertiary

10
Capstone and Thesis projects; however, it may also include Secondary Level
Researchers and other project-based activities that follow the project process
stated above.
The system does not include other functions like a recommender system
that can automatically recommend titles or topics to students, an archiving
feature that stores past written projects of students, nor a chatting feature that
will enable direct messaging between the students and their adviser.
The plagiarism detection capabilities of the system depend on the capabilities,
specifically on its speed and reliability, of the external plagiarism detector
integrated into the system.
The project is limited to a website application running on a Windows
Operating System and does not include a mobile application or desktop application.

CHAPTER II
Review of Related Systems

The following papers are systems related to the present study in terms of online
monitoring, management, evaluation of Capstone Projects, Thesis, or Researches.
The gathered related systems were from different foreign and local sources such
as books, magazines, journals, and websites.
The University of Malaysia Pahang (UMP) Thesis Management Systems of
Rabman [16] is a web management system for thesis management that can store
data, read, mark, and comment on the thesis. The system also includes a system
page where they can be informed about the thesis through announcements and
other information and guides in thesis writing. Additionally, the system has a
private message feature where students can send messages or queries to their
supervisor related to the development of their manuscripts.
The system of [16] is similar to the current project where both aimed at
easing students’ manuscript submission to their supervisors or adviser. Both
systems can manage and mark or evaluate the students’ submitted papers;
however, in terms of their differences, the system above offers private messaging
to their users, which is not included in the scope of the current project.
Torrechiva et al. [19] project development program for Capstone Projects

12
monitoring and management is an online system that aims to improve the current
process of capstone management. The project focuses on project deliverables
management, group progress monitoring, student-teacher interactions, and
security of the submitted documents. The system was deployed at the University
of Cebu – College of Computer Studies .
The system mentioned relates to the present system on its objectives of
improving the current capstone process. They both focus on the deliverable’s
management and group progress monitoring. However, the present system is
unique compared to the project above in terms of having an evaluation system
and a tool where students can check their manuscripts for plagiarism.
The paper of Lo [9] presented an online collaboration system for capstone
projects and other project-oriented courses. The features included in the system
were project grading, social media integration, and review of documents. It is
developed based on the open-sourced project management system called Redmine.
Compared to the present proposed project and the system of [9], they aim
to create a system that will handle capstone projects, especially its deliverables,
and monitor students’ progress in a single venue. Furthermore, the system above
integrates social media in their system, which is not available in the present
proposed system. On the other hand, the current system includes manuscript
evaluation and a plagiarism checker tool that is not included in the system stated

13
above.
A study conducted by Olarte et al. [10] presented a tool for students and
professors or advisors to assist in the management and development of capstone
projects for Computer Science Engineering. It includes planning and monitoring
tasks, document management, learning community using a social network built
in the system, informing students of their peers’ progress, and facilitating contact
between students and faculty developing projects.
The study of [10] is related to our proposed project in terms of aiming
to create a tool or system that can assist students and faculty in managing
capstone projects. They are similar in their features aside from the above system’s
integration of social networks and the present system’s inclusion of evaluation
module and plagiarism checker.
Grooms [5] developed a program that aimed to provide the University of
North Carolina Wilmington (UNCW) Masters of Science in Computer Science and
Information Systems (MSCSIS) a program for Capstone Management System
(CMS) for the students, faculty, administrators, and program director to automate
the capstone thesis or project process. The CMS enables the said users to complete
the capstone process using an integrated web application. The CMS simplifies
the current manual approval process saving time for all stakeholders. The CMS
also provides high-level reporting capabilities for high-level decision-making .

14
The system of [5] and the proposed system both aimed to ease the capstone
process workflow. Additionally, both systems have monitoring of students’ progress
and managing of capstone deliverables capabilities. The difference between the
two is that the system above can only record and announce the capstone proposal
and defense, where the present system can be used for the title proposal and final
defense of the manuscripts.
Another paper of Grooms [4] aimed to replace a paper form-based process
that was confusing, time-consuming, and error-prone describe with a new system
and implementation of a web application for the approval workflow of a master’s
program in information systems. Student statuses are stored in a relational
database, and program-level reports are provided for administrative decisionmaking. The main goals were to help guide students through the Theses or
Project processes, ease the burden of obtaining approvals, and handle the needed
paperwork .
The paper of [4] is similar to the proposed project in some respect. They aim
to streamline the process and centralize all paperwork/process steps in one venue
to eliminate the loss of papers. Both systems provide a progress tracking or status
report, which allows faculty to monitor the improvement of the students. In terms
of their differences, the project above focused on the committee’s approval to the
proposed Theses or Projects of the students, hence Approval System. In contrast,

15
the current project focuses on manuscript management and evaluation with a
plagiarism checker.
The manuscript created by Orozco [13] aimed to develop a web-based
Evaluation System which can allow panelist and advisers of College of Computer
Studies of University of Perpetual Help Biñan to evaluate the graduating students
and their Thesis/Capstone Projects through an innovative and automated way of
grading.
The mentioned system presented an automated way of evaluating the
Thesis or Capstone Projects of graduating students in their school, which is an
available feature in the present proposed system. In addition, the present project
has a management and progress monitoring module and plagiarism checker,
which is not present in the system of the mentioned manuscript above.
The Learning Management System of Baeva [1] is a software system
for managing and supporting the interaction between graduate students and
their supervisors in the course of thesis writing. The system allows to plan,
manage and track the progress of students’ thesis or capstone projects. It
includes management of activities, working out an individual development plan
for graduate student’s thesis work, work stages management, regulation of the
interaction between a graduate student and the supervisor, resource management,
and maintenance of primary documents .

16
The system of [1] has similarities with the current project when it comes
to the management of capstone deliverables and its users. It is also similar when
it comes to tracking progress or monitoring student’s activities, and both aim
to reduce administrative and academic burden in terms of capstone or thesis
management. However, the system above has a direct messaging feature for
student-supervisor interaction, which is not included in the present system. On
the other hand, the system above does not include an evaluation system and a
plagiarism checker feature, which are available in the present proposed project.
The system of Hamid [7] of the Department of Computer Science, Cihan
University-Erbil in Iraq, was successfully developed and implemented as a webbased application for the scientific affairs department and was used and tested
by one of the Iraqi governmental universities. The main goal of this application is
to collect all submitted publication information in a central database, generating
different types of publication reports, generating various real-time statistics,
saving all researcher’s lead in the Higher Education Institutions (HEIs), and
facilitating checking and tracking the submitted researches. The Researches
Management System aimed to manage research information in HEIs to improve
the efficiency and effectiveness of the research information management processes.
It is designed for three types of users: the System Admin, College Admin, and
the Researchers .

17
Both systems, the project of [7] and the proposed system, tackled the
management of scholarly articles and aimed to manage and improve research
information processes. However, the system above contained finished or published
manuscripts and only focused on handling those manuscripts. On the other hand,
the present project addresses unfinished manuscripts until they can be issued.
The Thesis Evaluation System of Zong, Y. [20] aimed to develop an online
evaluation system that can substitute the paper-based that is currently used in
the Department of Computer Graphics Technology Purdue University in Indiana,
United States. It is expected that this new evaluation system will increase
the efficiency of the thesis evaluation process and reduce the workload of the
advisors and committee members. It also aimed to ease storage, organization,
and visualization of evaluation results.
The mentioned project is related to the present system in terms of aiming
to replace paper-based Thesis or Capstone Project processes. Both systems
include an automated evaluation system that can be used to grade or mark
the manuscripts submitted by the students. The above project, however, only
focuses on the said evaluation system while the proposed present system includes
other features like title proposal, adviser and panelist selection, manuscript
management, and plagiarism checker.
An applied project of Owusu-Afriyie [14] aimed to develop a management

18
system that can primarily monitor and accompany all activities involved in the
capstone process. It is designed for three types of users – students, faculty, and
computer science coordinator, and was deployed in the Ashesi University campus
in Ghana, Africa. The system solved two pressing needs in the said university: it
simplifies the entire capstone process and presents students with the opportunity
to work on exciting projects that have been proposed by faculty.
The stated system of [14] is related to the present system in its aim of
simplifying the capstone process by efficiently managing manuscripts, faculty
selection, and progress tracking. The difference between the two is that the
system above includes a meeting scheduler between the faculty and students,
which is only present in the currently proposed system in terms of scheduling
capstone defense. In addition, the present system includes an evaluation module
for the manuscript as well as a plagiarism checker, which is not available to the
above system.

BIBLIOGRAPHY

[1] Desislava Baeva.

Management of graduate student’s thesis writing

through a specialized software system. Journal of International Scientific
Publications: Educational Alternatives, 14(1000021):336–341, 2016.
[2] Mac Clark and Roger D. Boyle. A Personal Theory of Teaching Computing
Through Final Year Projects. Computer Science Education, 9(3):200–214,
1999.
[3] Annegret Goold. Providing Process for Projects in Capstone Courses. ACM
Sigcse Bulletin, 35(3):26–29, 2003.
[4] James Grooms, Douglas Kline, and Jeffrey Cummings.
the capstone process:

Streamlining

A time-saving approval system for graduate

theses/projects. Information Systems Education Journal, 14(4):81, 2016.
[5] James Grooms, Douglas Kline, Jeffrey Cummings, and Devon Simmonds. A
web application for capstone management for the mscsis program. Annals
of the Master of Science in Computer Science and Information Systems at
UNC Wilmington, 8(1), 2014.
[6] Jatinder N D Gupta and Robert M Wachter. A capstone course in the
information systems curriculum. International Journal of Information

20
Management, 18(6):427–441, 1998.
[7] Omar Talal Hamid.

Design and implementation a novel research

management system. Cihan University-Erbil Scientific Journal, 3(2):21–24,
2019.
[8] Mike Joy. Undergraduate computing projects — an investigation into the
student experience. Innovation in Teaching and Learning in Information
and Computer Sciences, 8(1):60–78, 2009.
[9] Dan Chia-Tien Lo and Orlando Karam. Enhance capstone projects with
a new online collaboration system.

In 2013 IEEE 13th International

Conference on Advanced Learning Technologies, pages 217–218. IEEE, 2013.
[10] Juan José Olarte, César Domínguez, and Francisco José García-Izquierdo.
A tool for capstone project management in computer science engineering. In
2014 International Symposium on Computers in Education (SIIE), pages
65–68. IEEE, 2014.
[11] Juan José Olarte, César Domínguez, Francisco José García-Izquierdo,
and Arturo Jaime.

Capstone projects in computer science: evaluated

by stakeholders. In Proceedings of the 2014 conference on Innovation &
technology in computer science education, pages 345–345, 2014.

21
[12] Commission on Higher Education.

Revised policies, standards, and

guidelines for bscs, bsis, and bsit programs. Memorandum Order Number
25, 2015.
[13] Michael Orozco. Web-based thesis/capstone project defense evaluation
system of the css binan. Unpublished Manuscript, 2016.
[14] Philip Owusu-Afriyie. Capstone management system. Ashesi Institutional
Repository, 2020.
[15] César Domínguez Pérez, Arturo Jaime Elizondo, Francisco J GarcíaIzquierdo, and Juan José Olarte Larrea. Supervision typology in computer
science engineering capstone projects. Journal of Engineering Education,
101(4), 2012.
[16] Mohammad Thalhah Amir Bin Abdul Rabman. UMP Thesis Management
System. PhD thesis, Universiti Malysia Pahang, 2012.
[17] Hamilton Scott. Management of real-world projects in university computing
courses. Proceedings of Student-Faculty Research Day, pages A21–A27,
2008.

22
[18] CORPORATE The Joint Task Force on Computing Curricula. Computing
curricula 2001. Journal on Educational Resources in Computing (JERIC),
1(3es):1–es, 2001.
[19] Leoven Torrechiva, Marc Christian Orais, Ken Gabaca, Ronald Ian Gabutan,
Jhury Espinosa, Celso Malinao Jr, and Melvin Niñal. Online uc-cics capstone
projects monitoring and management system. Unpublished Manuscript,
2012.
[20] Yanhua Zong. A Thesis Evaluation System. PhD thesis, Purdue University
Graduate School, 2019.

APPENDIX A
Wireframe

Figure A.1. Login Wireframe Design

24

Figure A.2. Register Wireframe Design

Figure A.3. Dean Dashboard Wireframe Design

25

Figure A.4. Capstone Professor Dashboard Wireframe Design

Figure A.5. Faculty Home Wireframe Design

26

Figure A.6. Student Home Wireframe Design

