 CHAPTER II Review of Related Systems The following papers are systems related to the present study in terms of online monitoring, management, evaluation of Capstone Projects, Thesis, or Researches. The gathered related systems were from different foreign and local sources such as books, magazines, journals, and websites. The University of Malaysia Pahang (UMP) Thesis Management Systems of Rabman [16] is a web management system for thesis management that can store data, read, mark, and comment on the thesis. The system also includes a system page where they can be informed about the thesis through announcements and other information and guides in thesis writing. Additionally, the system has a private message feature where students can send messages or queries to their supervisor related to the development of their manuscripts. The system of [16] is similar to the current project where both aimed at easing students’ manuscript submission to their supervisors or adviser. Both systems can manage and mark or evaluate the students’ submitted papers; however, in terms of their differences, the system above offers private messaging to their users, which is not included in the scope of the current project. Torrechiva et al. [19] project development program for Capstone Projects 12 monitoring and management is an online system that aims to improve the current process of capstone management. The project focuses on project deliverables management, group progress monitoring, student-teacher interactions, and security of the submitted documents. The system was deployed at the University of Cebu – College of Computer Studies . The system mentioned relates to the present system on its objectives of improving the current capstone process. They both focus on the deliverable’s management and group progress monitoring. However, the present system is unique compared to the project above in terms of having an evaluation system and a tool where students can check their manuscripts for plagiarism. The paper of Lo [9] presented an online collaboration system for capstone projects and other project-oriented courses. The features included in the system were project grading, social media integration, and review of documents. It is developed based on the open-sourced project management system called Redmine. Compared to the present proposed project and the system of [9], they aim to create a system that will handle capstone projects, especially its deliverables, and monitor students’ progress in a single venue. Furthermore, the system above integrates social media in their system, which is not available in the present proposed system. On the other hand, the current system includes manuscript evaluation and a plagiarism checker tool that is not included in the system stated 13 above. A study conducted by Olarte et al. [10] presented a tool for students and professors or advisors to assist in the management and development of capstone projects for Computer Science Engineering. It includes planning and monitoring tasks, document management, learning community using a social network built in the system, informing students of their peers’ progress, and facilitating contact between students and faculty developing projects. The study of [10] is related to our proposed project in terms of aiming to create a tool or system that can assist students and faculty in managing capstone projects. They are similar in their features aside from the above system’s integration of social networks and the present system’s inclusion of evaluation module and plagiarism checker. Grooms [5] developed a program that aimed to provide the University of North Carolina Wilmington (UNCW) Masters of Science in Computer Science and Information Systems (MSCSIS) a program for Capstone Management System (CMS) for the students, faculty, administrators, and program director to automate the capstone thesis or project process. The CMS enables the said users to complete the capstone process using an integrated web application. The CMS simplifies the current manual approval process saving time for all stakeholders. The CMS also provides high-level reporting capabilities for high-level decision-making . 14 The system of [5] and the proposed system both aimed to ease the capstone process workflow. Additionally, both systems have monitoring of students’ progress and managing of capstone deliverables capabilities. The difference between the two is that the system above can only record and announce the capstone proposal and defense, where the present system can be used for the title proposal and final defense of the manuscripts. Another paper of Grooms [4] aimed to replace a paper form-based process that was confusing, time-consuming, and error-prone describe with a new system and implementation of a web application for the approval workflow of a master’s program in information systems. Student statuses are stored in a relational database, and program-level reports are provided for administrative decision- making. The main goals were to help guide students through the Theses or Project processes, ease the burden of obtaining approvals, and handle the needed paperwork . The paper of [4] is similar to the proposed project in some respect. They aim to streamline the process and centralize all paperwork/process steps in one venue to eliminate the loss of papers. Both systems provide a progress tracking or status report, which allows faculty to monitor the improvement of the students. In terms of their differences, the project above focused on the committee’s approval to the proposed Theses or Projects of the students, hence Approval System. In contrast, 15 the current project focuses on manuscript management and evaluation with a plagiarism checker. The manuscript created by Orozco [13] aimed to develop a web-based Evaluation System which can allow panelist and advisers of College of Computer Studies of University of Perpetual Help Biñan to evaluate the graduating students and their Thesis/Capstone Projects through an innovative and automated way of grading. The mentioned system presented an automated way of evaluating the Thesis or Capstone Projects of graduating students in their school, which is an available feature in the present proposed system. In addition, the present project has a management and progress monitoring module and plagiarism checker, which is not present in the system of the mentioned manuscript above. The Learning Management System of Baeva [1] is a software system for managing and supporting the interaction between graduate students and their supervisors in the course of thesis writing. The system allows to plan, manage and track the progress of students’ thesis or capstone projects. It includes management of activities, working out an individual development plan for graduate student’s thesis work, work stages management, regulation of the interaction between a graduate student and the supervisor, resource management, and maintenance of primary documents . 16 The system of [1] has similarities with the current project when it comes to the management of capstone deliverables and its users. It is also similar when it comes to tracking progress or monitoring student’s activities, and both aim to reduce administrative and academic burden in terms of capstone or thesis management. However, the system above has a direct messaging feature for student-supervisor interaction, which is not included in the present system. On the other hand, the system above does not include an evaluation system and a plagiarism checker feature, which are available in the present proposed project. The system of Hamid [7] of the Department of Computer Science, Cihan University-Erbil in Iraq, was successfully developed and implemented as a web- based application for the scientific affairs department and was used and tested by one of the Iraqi governmental universities. The main goal of this application is to collect all submitted publication information in a central database, generating different types of publication reports, generating various real-time statistics, saving all researcher’s lead in the Higher Education Institutions (HEIs), and facilitating checking and tracking the submitted researches. The Researches Management System aimed to manage research information in HEIs to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the research information management processes. It is designed for three types of users: the System Admin, College Admin, and the Researchers . 17 Both systems, the project of [7] and the proposed system, tackled the management of scholarly articles and aimed to manage and improve research information processes. However, the system above contained finished or published manuscripts and only focused on handling those manuscripts. On the other hand, the present project addresses unfinished manuscripts until they can be issued. The Thesis Evaluation System of Zong, Y. [20] aimed to develop an online evaluation system that can substitute the paper-based that is currently used in the Department of Computer Graphics Technology Purdue University in Indiana, United States. It is expected that this new evaluation system will increase the efficiency of the thesis evaluation process and reduce the workload of the advisors and committee members. It also aimed to ease storage, organization, and visualization of evaluation results. The mentioned project is related to the present system in terms of aiming to replace paper-based Thesis or Capstone Project processes. Both systems include an automated evaluation system that can be used to grade or mark the manuscripts submitted by the students. The above project, however, only focuses on the said evaluation system while the proposed present system includes other features like title proposal, adviser and panelist selection, manuscript management, and plagiarism checker. An applied project of Owusu-Afriyie [14] aimed to develop a management 18 system that can primarily monitor and accompany all activities involved in the capstone process. It is designed for three types of users – students, faculty, and computer science coordinator, and was deployed in the Ashesi University campus in Ghana, Africa. The system solved two pressing needs in the said university: it simplifies the entire capstone process and presents students with the opportunity to work on exciting projects that have been proposed by faculty. The stated system of [14] is related to the present system in its aim of simplifying the capstone process by efficiently managing manuscripts, faculty selection, and progress tracking. The difference between the two is that the system above includes a meeting scheduler between the faculty and students, which is only present in the currently proposed system in terms of scheduling capstone defense. In addition, the present system includes an evaluation module for the manuscript as well as a plagiarism checker, which is not available to the above system.